OSDOCS-6922: Infrastructure Node Utilization Update (#63960)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/sd-planning-considerations.adoc

.Rules for infrastructure node resizing alerts

> Resizing alerts are triggered for the infrastructure nodes in a cluster when the CPU or the memory has high sustained utilization. This high-sustained utilization status is: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Resizing alerts are triggered for the infrastructure nodes in a cluster when it has high-sustained CPU or memory utilization. This high-sustained utilization status is: 
```

Standardizing the hyphenated `high-sustained` and removing the `the CPU`/`the memory` wording

> * An infrastructure node sustains over 50% utilization in a classic ROSA cluster with a single availability zones using 2 infrastructure nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Infrastructure nodes sustain over 50% utilization on average in a classic ROSA cluster with a single availability zones using 2 infrastructure nodes.
```

The alert triggers off of the total average (e.g. one node at 60% and one node at 30% wouldn't trigger a scaleup, but both nodes at 60% would) - open to other ways to word this too.

> * An infrastructure node sustains over 66% utilization in a classic ROSA cluster with with multiple availability zones using 3 infrastructure nodes.

Reviewer: Whatever we update the previous line's wording to should be mirrored here

> * Infrastructure nodes sustain over 66% utilization on average in a classic ROSA cluster with with multiple availability zones using 3 infrastructure nodes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Infrastructure nodes sustain over 66% utilization on average in a classic ROSA cluster with multiple availability zones using 3 infrastructure nodes.
```
